Calvin: Real
Mary Kastner: I don't have your video. Can you put your video on
Calvin: Oh yeah, sorry. There we go. Is that good.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, that's good. Nice to meet you. I'm married, Pastor, I may
Mary Kastner: Know what I am today, I guess, a nurse practitioner in psychiatry.
Mary Kastner: So welcome to be HH
Mary Kastner: First time with the
Mary Kastner: With the zoom type
Format.
Mary Kastner: Oops, I can hear you.
Mary Kastner: I'm a sudden we lost your very low. I can't hear very well.
Calvin: Here we go.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I can hear you now.
Calvin: Okay.
Calvin: Um, yeah, I've had a couple of appointments so far in the past few weeks, but yeah, this is my first time doing actual over the phone type appointments
Mary Kastner: Okay, well, if there's any questions, let us know is being recorded so
Mary Kastner: Occasionally I'll sort of talked to the air because I'm talking to the transcriptionist in front of so that we can get a correct
Mary Kastner: Note put in your record.
Calvin: And you're right.
Mary Kastner: What can I do for you today.
Calvin: Okay, so, um, yeah. I've been in need to both sides chi interest to you know kind of
Calvin: Manage My
Calvin: my health and my prescriptions and whatnot. Um,
Calvin: I was getting all embeds from a general practitioner and Napa for the past year, and she moved away and I've been getting tossed around here to there. So anyway, I take a lot of psychotropic medications.
Okay.
Calvin: So basically I just, I just need your help with managing my
Calvin: Overall medication regimen.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: So tell me what you're on.
Calvin: Okay, so first of all, I take Suboxone and I've been on that for
Calvin: Over 10 years now.
Mary Kastner: And what's the, what's the dosage.
Calvin: It's 16 milligrams and it's pretty much like that whole time.
Mary Kastner: So are they stripped, sir.
Calvin: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And it's 8822 students
Mary Kastner: Taking them.
Calvin: I think I'm both in the morning. However, in a week. I'm going to get an injection of the medication sub located. I don't know if you're familiar
Mary Kastner: Yes, uh huh.
Calvin: Okay, yeah, it's wonderful. I mean, the last two months and you don't have to take medication, but you still get the effect. So I'm looking forward to that. Anyway,
Mary Kastner: So you take the eight to both in the morning and you get the injection
Calvin: Know I'm going to end a week.
Calvin: Just to, you know, see how it works. I had in a long time ago, and then went back to the scripts and now I'm gonna go back to the injection
Mary Kastner: Okay. So, and that's in a week. So you need
Mary Kastner: You need a week's worth to get to that point.
Calvin: No, I'm actually, I'm I am getting this Suboxone provided by a different provider.
Mary Kastner: Oh, okay. So you don't need us for that.
Calvin: No, no.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okey dokey.
Calvin: So the I take a quantum
Calvin: two milligrams per day once in the morning and valuable. So I've been on for about 10 years pretty much the same dose.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Calvin: And
Calvin: I take effect sir 100 milligrams. And that's one time of day.
Mary Kastner: 150 yeah okay and what time of day.
Calvin: In the morning
Mary Kastner: OK. OK.
Calvin: OK. And I think Abilify five milligrams. Well, actually, as a guest today we switched it to 10 milligrams of Abilify once in the morning.
Mary Kastner: And who's we
Calvin: Me and Dr.
Calvin: Our daddy.
Mary Kastner: Okay, yeah. So you doubled it
Calvin: Yeah yeah
Why
Calvin: You know, I just my depression isn't too bad it's but it's just kind of agreement in there and I just
Calvin: I was just wondering if maybe increasing the Abilify might help with
Calvin: With the overall regimen and medications. I'm taking and, you know, increasing
Calvin: But
Calvin: I also realized that I had ran out of
Calvin: My gap was like three weeks ago and I just completely forgot about it and I
Calvin: So I just picked it up yesterday and I think 300 milligrams of that three times a day.
And
Calvin: Yeah, I realize. Now why might be might have been feeling a little funky for the past few weeks.
Calvin: I can't believe I forgot about it.
Okay.
Calvin: Okay, so yeah and then
Calvin: What else is there.
Calvin: Any just double check. Oh, I mean, this isn't a site, site before I take math. The carbon wall as a PRN you know once every couple days.
Calvin: The last one is going to be our 30 milligrams to two times a day.
Calvin: So quite a lot of medications.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what is your diagnoses.
Calvin: And
Calvin: anxiety, panic attacks.
Calvin: I've had seizures in the past because this doctor had prescribed having me on eight milligrams 20 milligrams per day.
Calvin: And when I was coming off it in the medical detox facility. I did have a seizure, and I have had one previous to that coming off of it.
Calvin: But not recently. So anyway, I'm
Calvin: Just panic attacks, anxiety, like a horrible. Yeah.
Calvin: What happens when you have panic.
Calvin: Oh, you know, I did. I thought I knew a panic attack wasn't only had one and oh my god it was crazy. The first time it happened. I called an ambulance because
Calvin: My heart rate was 180 plus and
Calvin: It was, it was like that steadily from it started at like 10pm until like 430, it was still about that rate.
Calvin: And I was just feeling so terrible and scared. I ended up
Calvin: Calling an ambulance so
Calvin: Turns out,
Calvin: But
Mary Kastner: How often are you having those
Calvin: Right now, it's pretty controlled with the medication. I have one. I've only had probably less than 10 in my life because they're pretty severe
Calvin: But I had one about a month ago. And then before that it's been like a year, year and a half, so not very
Mary Kastner: Anything that triggers.
Calvin: Um, well, yeah, just not having the medical provider is all available to me that I needed and everything organized over the past couple months. It's been tricky so
Calvin: Some of my medication and that is mainly what triggered it.
Calvin: Pops in my head about something I'm worried about like my dog, maybe, you know, knowing that she's gonna die eventually in a few years, but
Mary Kastner: Future tripping.
Calvin: Things like that, you know,
Mary Kastner: Yeah okay so you we cover all the medicines that you're on.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay. Okey dokey. So effects or 150 in the morning Abilify which is just increased again, I would say, put it back down to five.
Mary Kastner: Gabba Gabba Penton 303 times a day mental
Mary Kastner: Problem. Long as you need it.
Mary Kastner: And boost bar 30 twice a day.
Mary Kastner: Exactly. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Um,
Calvin: It's kind of a lot of medications. I'm
Mary Kastner: Not really the target, target symptoms that these are for our anxiety.
Mary Kastner: And you had seizures with withdrawal from Klonopin some depression and panic.
Mary Kastner: Which is not frequent
Mary Kastner: And any other target symptoms that I might have missed as far as
Mary Kastner: What these medicines are treating
Calvin: Just the just the symptoms from anxiety. You know, I get sweaty is can be hard, you know, and okay Robin pulse.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and so your PHP nine which is a assessment for depression.
Mary Kastner: Was 23 which is severe and so we're
Mary Kastner: It's an assessment tool that you took when you entered our program, probably a little while ago if Dr. Ella dog has been seeing you. I believe he did an H and P
Mary Kastner: For six so it's probably the early part of this month.
Calvin: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Um, so where would you rate your depression today 10 being the most depressed. You've ever been.
Calvin: I would say it's actually improved a lot, it's a lot less severe so I'm 10 being the worst.
Calvin: I would say right now. It's a six.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And where would you rate your anxiety.
Calvin: Overall,
Calvin: Probably
Calvin: I'd say seven
Mary Kastner: Okay. And have you had any recent laboratory or blood work done.
Calvin: Um, I'd say about six months ago.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Do we have that record. Have you provided that to us.
Calvin: I believe you do have that a from clinical late because they
Mary Kastner: Say that again, who sent the referral.
Calvin: Clinical a
Mary Kastner: Clinic clinical clinical what
Calvin: Clinic only over LTE
Mary Kastner: LTE okay if we don't have. I did not see that in your documents so
Mary Kastner: I think you need to request it again. Get it to us, call the front desk and tell them how
Mary Kastner: That you have it in your hand and how do you scan it into the record. If not, I have some
Mary Kastner: Lab lab orders. I can put in, we would need to check your thyroid, we would need to definitely do a lipid panel because Abilify will increase your cholesterol.
Know,
Mary Kastner: And so, and of course I person depression.
Mary Kastner: So the other thing I have is a gap inventory of seven which God seven score was 18 which is severe anxiety when you took this
Mary Kastner: Your audit see score was zero your desk.
Mary Kastner: 10 was three and two are you using any alcohol at all.
Calvin: No for years.
Mary Kastner: Okay and tobacco.
Mary Kastner: I can't hear you.
Calvin: I'm sorry I spoke about
Mary Kastner: 1010 cigarettes a day. Okay. And any sedatives other than the Klonopin
Mary Kastner: Know any prescribed medications you're taking on prescribed
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. Any opiates.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. Okey dokey.
Mary Kastner: So the cures report, which is a report of controlled substances was run and I see Suboxone subs off Klonopin and supplicate
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Which is what you gave report on
Mary Kastner: Young. Have you ever. Have you ever had a psychiatric hospitalization.
Mary Kastner: No ever been treated in an outpatient therapy situation.
Calvin: Um, I, I'm sure I've had a therapist before and like but and I've had a psychiatrist, but I don't know.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And when was that in where
Calvin: Um,
Calvin: Well, I've had, I had a psychiatrist for eight years before I got the clinical a one year ago and
Calvin: Over the past year until about December I had been with clinical a
Mary Kastner: Okay, and that's where you had the GP take over your medications.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay. So you were sent to me by Dr were seeing you for opiate use disorder and helping you with the Suboxone to evaluate and assist with depression and anxiety. I'm
Calvin: gonna interrupt you real quick.
Uh huh.
Calvin: So I do just want to let you know I had been off of this Suboxone for like three months, starting in December.
Calvin: Okay. Um, that was due to me, not having access to the clinic in Napa anymore.
Calvin: And so I had no choice but to start using street drugs for a little while and then I went to methadone.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I have that history from Dr. Yeah.
Calvin: Okay, yeah. So, and thankfully I got back on Suboxone just about two weeks ago. And, you know, life is just so much more stable as
Mary Kastner: As the bed. Isn't that interesting. So what did the methodology was the effect
Calvin: Oh, I mean, you know, it was over sedating
Calvin: I mean, I am addictive type personality. But you know when I can't really drive as well as I know I should be
Calvin: It's a problem. And so it would be overstating in the morning for a few hours and then by the time evening hit, I would start having a runny nose, and I started feeling withdrawal symptoms.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Calvin: Yeah, it was terrible. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Thank you for clarifying that. I think that's a common, common complaint and I, this is the best treatment is Suboxone
Calvin: Yeah, I mean,
Mary Kastner: So as far as your medical history. Um, can you tell me a little bit about
Mary Kastner: If you ever had any head trauma.
Calvin: No.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever had a loss of consciousness, seizures, you told were related to the getting off the Klonopin but seizures for any other reason.
Calvin: Um, no. And I just, I have fainted before in the past from like extreme anxiety.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay any trouble with your vision.
Calvin: No, I mean, I work
Mary Kastner: With your hearing no any trouble with your nose. Simon Says
Mary Kastner: Okay. Gums to know
Mary Kastner: Okay, one of the things on the opioids. You want to make sure you're flossing regularly. Do you, when's the last time you saw identity.
Mary Kastner: I lost it. I lost your audio again can hear you.
Mary Kastner: Okay. When's the last time you saw the dentist.
Calvin: About three months ago.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good. Any heart problems added in this fast heart.
Mary Kastner: Rate when you have panic.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. Any trouble with your lungs frequent pneumonias asthma, bronchitis.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your stomach constipation.
Mary Kastner: Okay. History of infections HIV STDs tuberculosis hepatitis.
Calvin: What, no, no. I mean, no.
Calvin: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with you, urinary system urinary tract infections kidney disease.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and any trouble with your skin.
Mary Kastner: Okay in trouble with your bones, your muscles.
Calvin: Um, no.
Calvin: I mean, I have some backing, but that's normal. I think
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what your pain level today.
Calvin: Probably for three
Mary Kastner: And it's low back.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with migraines or other headaches.
Calvin: No.
Mary Kastner: You trouble with the thyroid or diabetes.
Mary Kastner: Anemia cancers.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Have you ever had knee surgery.
Calvin: No.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: Where are we born and raised.
Calvin: Born in Walnut Creek California and
Calvin: Raised in Alameda
Mary Kastner: Okay and finished high school. Okay.
Calvin: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any training after high school
Calvin: Yeah, I got a EMT certification.
Calvin: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: Have you worked in that field.
Calvin: No, I never did get a job in that field.
Mary Kastner: Where have you worked
Calvin: I've worked in the hospitality industry for since I was like 15 in restaurants.
Calvin: Mainly
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: What was the first thing you said, what kind of industry.
Calvin: Hospital hospitality.
Mary Kastner: Vitality. Okay. And are you working now.
Calvin: No, no.
Mary Kastner: No. How is your, what are you doing for income.
Calvin: Nothing. And I'm really depending on my parents. Unfortunately, at the moment.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay any siblings.
Calvin: Yeah, I have two sisters
Mary Kastner: And how do you get along with your parents and your siblings.
Calvin: Very well, very well. We don't talk
Mary Kastner: Are you in a relationship or have you been married
Calvin: never married and in a relationship.
Mary Kastner: Me children.
Calvin: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any men military history.
Mary Kastner: Any legal problems.
Calvin: Um, yes, I
Calvin: I'm on probation and
Calvin: Due to being caught with a quarter pound of marijuana, about a year and a half ago.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: When is that up.
Calvin: In about a year and a half.
Mary Kastner: Wow, that's a long time.
Calvin: Oh, they gave me 90 days in jail and
Calvin: Got terrible
Mary Kastner: Okay. And are you interested in stopping smoking.
Calvin: No. Not at the moment.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and any medical for psychiatric diagnoses for any of your family members, mother, father, sisters, grandparents cousins.
Exams. Oh.
Calvin: Yeah, so my mom has epilepsy anyway.
Calvin: And then she's older
Calvin: Than anybody else. No.
Calvin: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. So I'm asking transcription to include the psychosocial and family and medical history, not just pull in the pre existing ones any problems right now on physically Calvin runny nose, had a fever.
Calvin: Know it all on the
Calvin: Radio
Mary Kastner: Are you allergic to any medications seasonal allergies or foods.
Calvin: No, nothing. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, do you have any trouble with your memory.
Calvin: No.
Mary Kastner: focus and concentration. Could you read a book.
Calvin: Yeah, my focus is pretty good.
Mary Kastner: Okay so middle sound is, have you ever felt like people were reading your mind or could put thoughts in your mind TV had special messages see things here, things are hallucinate or feel paranoid.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. So mental status is functioning independent you get in the shower and you feel like showering every day.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: No problem two problems.
Mary Kastner: Mood is you only issue anxious and depressed, with full effect your stage casual dress normal habits be trading volume.
Mary Kastner: Coherent normal thought processes appropriate for agent development normal content logical non tangential know hallucinations, delusions insight and self reflection on today's issues noted is adequate. Okay. Um, so, um, as far as other symptoms for psychiatry. Have you ever felt like
Mary Kastner: You were acting to, you know, you were
Mary Kastner: thoughts were racing or people ever tell you
Mary Kastner: That
Mary Kastner: You're speaking to past
Calvin: Um, no. I mean, unless unless I were unless I was on drugs. I can, I can include. I think this is notable anyway um I have been struggling with methamphetamine.
Calvin: And
Calvin: I, I quit. In May of last year, but then when I kind of lost my medical community and lost my prescriptions. I ended up starting it again. And so now, today, I'm at the point where I'm using it a few days a week.
Calvin: I
Calvin: Even if I had been without math or anything like that for a long time. I'm very lethargic overall that's that's a big problem. I struggle with.
Mary Kastner: That's a big
Mary Kastner: Target symptom of years and lethargy, yeah. Okay. And, you know, the Abilify don't increase it to 10 please. Yeah.
No.
Calvin: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So ever have any, any of that manic symptom. I was talking about where you're talking too fast thoughts are racing laughing at things that aren't funny making impulsive decision spending money, you don't have hypersexual
Calvin: Only when in dark
Mary Kastner: On math. Okay, and how about
Mary Kastner: Need to order things in a Certain Way counting your head go back and check and make sure things are turned off or locked
Calvin: No.
Mary Kastner: thinking, wait.
Mary Kastner: Wait, how many hours of sleep. Do you think you get at night.
Calvin: 10
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So you might be sleeping too much.
Calvin: Okay.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any phobias particular phobias fear of anything.
Calvin: Nothing really. In particular, except for just like social situations where there's multiple people in a group.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Have you ever had any trauma.
Calvin: Um, no.
Mary Kastner: Okay ever eat too much.
Mary Kastner: force yourself to vomit.
Calvin: No.
Mary Kastner: Or restrict okay
Calvin: Hundred pounds in the past year.
Mary Kastner: Okay, what is your weight now.
Calvin: Now it's about 280
Mary Kastner: And how trolley.
Mary Kastner: split into what do you attribute the weight gain.
Calvin: Mean I was never this heavy before, but when I quit using math. Yeah, it just went went up so fast.
Calvin: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Do you think you're eating nutritionally
Mary Kastner: Okay. He three meals a day, you get the full range of foods.
Calvin: Yeah, I think so.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, okay. So, um, as far as my impression. I would agree with you that you do have an anxiety disorder with panic.
Mary Kastner: And recurrent major depressive disorder, you're on 150 of effects are
Mary Kastner: In the morning, and do you take the Abilify in the morning or at night.
Calvin: Are generally take everything in the morning.
Calvin: Okay, we
Calvin: Got offense in the space out
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: Do you have any side effects from anything
Calvin: Yeah, the main side effect. I think would be two things sexual side effects and I attribute that to both the Suboxone and probably the effects are also
Calvin: And that's something I really struggle with. So
Calvin: The other side effect would be
Calvin: How I think this is due to the effects or how it kind of dole's my stress levels in that it makes me not stressed about anything to the point where I don't feel motivated to go and accomplish things that I need to, you know what I mean, like some stress is necessary in life.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Are you seeing any marijuana now.
Calvin: No.
Mary Kastner: Well, the typical answer to this will be to get you on a medication has more
Mary Kastner: Norepinephrine effect, which is the neural chemical. It helps us with cognitive function, and it's a little bit more activating
Mary Kastner: Which is what effects are is
Mary Kastner: So you know that you may want to increase your effects.
Mary Kastner: In the sexual side effects.
Mary Kastner: You know, have you had a testosterone level taken recently. Oh.
Calvin: No, but I really would like to
Mary Kastner: Know that might be that might be an idea.
Mary Kastner: Wellbutrin is what we typically treat that with however it lowers the seizure threshold. So since you've had seizures. I do not want to give you Wellbutrin
Mary Kastner: If anything, you know, maybe I would lower some of these that are more sedating like the boost bar and the Gabba Penton but I think the Gabba Penton is very nice because it has a neuroprotective effect.
Mary Kastner: To keep you from having seizures. It definitely is in NZ analytics.
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: I don't know.
Mary Kastner: Maybe we should lower the boost bar to 10 three times a day.
Mary Kastner: That's by half.
Calvin: Okay, and what are the reasons for that.
Mary Kastner: To be less a dating.
Mary Kastner: Okay, give me more energy.
Mary Kastner: And then actually increase that effects are the 150 in the morning and 75 at midday.
Mary Kastner: Is it Excel that you're taking a regular release.
Calvin: Yeah, it's a the XL.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And I would definitely lower your Abilify back down to two five.
Calvin: When you think about it may be blocking the Abilify off completely like tapering down
Mary Kastner: That's a possibility. However, I'm
Mary Kastner: With your mother's history of bipolar illness. There's no
Mary Kastner: There's a possibility of you having a bipolar depression.
Mary Kastner: And the Abilify would definitely help that and also your mood.
Calvin: Your, your crush.
Mary Kastner: Your depression.
Mary Kastner: So that's why I didn't go for that right away but I certainly don't think you need 10
Calvin: Sure, sure.
Mary Kastner: And I think we do one thing at a time, you know,
Mary Kastner: You're and actually what we're doing is two things, because the juice bar takes so long.
Mary Kastner: To change.
Mary Kastner: We're going to increase that effects or because, again, it hasn't norepinephrine effect what should be energizing
Calvin: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So I'm going to give you a diagnosis of nicotine. Use Disorder methamphetamine. Use Disorder opioid use disorder.
Mary Kastner: Rollout bipolar depression.
Mary Kastner: But leave it at major depressive disorder recurrent
Mary Kastner: Yeah. And the reason why I'm leaving. Matt is because the hyper Samia sleeping too much in the weight gain.
Mary Kastner: But we really do need to get thyroid
Mary Kastner: So we need to abs.
Mary Kastner: Thyroid and cholesterol lipid panel and I'll put those words and you can tell them
Mary Kastner: You say it's can't remember the name of the lab, you go to
Calvin: Quest
Mary Kastner: Oh quest. Okay, we can send that to quest what which one
Calvin: It's in Napa. Yeah, Napa on pear tree.
Mary Kastner: Care Tree Lane. Yeah, okay.
Calvin: And then can you is possible for you to order the testosterone.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. But the problem with that is that I can't read it.
Calvin: Oh,
Mary Kastner: No, I think your primary needs to do the testosterone level.
Calvin: Okay, well, what if you ordered it and then we just had a little file for next time I see her. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: We can do that.
Calvin: Okay, that'd be great.
Mary Kastner: And then
Mary Kastner: I would say, Are you doing any exercise.
Calvin: No, I don't.
Calvin: But luckily it's getting to be the summertime, and I love gardening, more than anything else. So I'm going to start working in the yard and more and more. So that would be helpful.
Mary Kastner: OK. So again, our objective is to get you more active.
Mary Kastner: Under the major depressive disorder recurrent
Mary Kastner: To to therefore get your weight down in your sleep back to about six or seven hours uninterrupted a day.
Mary Kastner: And, you know, get your mood to five out of 10 or below on both depression and anxiety.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then you're welcome to come back to see me and my mental health group.
Mary Kastner: Which is on seven o'clock on Monday nights. And that's how you would see me again.
Mary Kastner: I'm in there once a month I'll be in there on the fourth of May. So very good time for you to be there and check in.
Mary Kastner: And I have another patient
Calvin: So may 4
Calvin: What time is it 7pm 7pm. Okay.
Calvin: And then I would I get an email or something with the number or
Mary Kastner: You call into the
Mary Kastner: Ok ok ok ok so I'm going to put in. Do you need refills on your medicine.
Calvin: I pretty much have like a 10 day supply of everything, so I
Calvin: You know, and there's like no refills on anything so
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I'm gonna have to. Yeah, give you an old 175 any way of the effects are
Calvin: Okay, and also
My
Calvin: It was pretty my Klonopin is pretty low. She pretty much only gave me enough to
Calvin: Last until I talked with you. Okay.
Mary Kastner: How much quantity and do you have, what do you take a planet today.
Calvin: two milligrams
Calvin: And yeah.
Calvin: It's, I think I have. I don't really for something like that around for left
Mary Kastner: Three or four. OK. OK. So I'm boost bar. We're changing. So I'm going to
Mary Kastner: Continue that
Mary Kastner: And the venue Maxine er 150 in the morning.
Mary Kastner: I'm
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And what pharmacy. Do you go to
Calvin: It's called pharmacopeia in Napa Baraka integrative pharmacy.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I have it.
Mary Kastner: It in for you for
Mary Kastner: You'll have enough for two months, plus a refill.
Mary Kastner: And again, you would see me, especially in that group on the fortress check and see how you're doing with all this because I know you go to groups.
Mary Kastner: With Dr. Allah, Doc.
Mary Kastner: Anytime you see me for medications is going to be through that group format you call in at 645 and they will tell you what the real number is
Mary Kastner: The Gabba Penton you need refills on
Calvin: Yeah, I only have about a week left of that pretty, pretty much everything around like 710 days left
Calvin: Which is only a few days.
Mary Kastner: Okay, it's 303 times a day.
Mary Kastner: So the reason why I mentioned
Mary Kastner: The reason why I mentioned the exercises that you increase the same no chemicals in your
Mary Kastner: Brain as you do with medications with exercise. So that is an important part of your recovery.
Mary Kastner: As well as eating nutritious foods. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: So we took care of those
Mary Kastner: clonazepam you needed a refill.
Mary Kastner: And eventually, I think we need to get you wind a little bit on that. Not completely.
Mary Kastner: But that is also a sedating medication and these others should take over some of the anxiety prevent you from panic. So were you eventually using it only as you need it for panic.
Calvin: Okay. I mean, I'm not 100% opposed to it. I'm willing open minded to try anything. If it works, you know,
Mary Kastner: And then own desk that we have with
Mary Kastner: With Suboxone are people that are taking it concurrently.
Mary Kastner: With it benzodiazepine
Mary Kastner: You taking one in the AM only
Calvin: Yeah, okay.
Calvin: I've been taking that for you know just about 10 years, like I said, so it's been a long time.
Mary Kastner: It's gonna be a long process to get you off.
Calvin: Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you have
Calvin: Big pit bull.
Calvin: He's a good oh
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I'm telling you the thought of a dog as hard
Mary Kastner: Because
Calvin: She's only eight, so I can't. It's years away, but
Calvin: My last panic attack. I don't know that thought just popped in my head that she would be gone. Some day and it just triggered it.
Calvin: I love the dog so much. They're very
Calvin: Therapeutic and essential
Calvin: Yeah, I don't know what I do it at a dog.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm
Mary Kastner: Getting the vaccine right now. Um,
Mary Kastner: So probably what's going to happen is I'm going to give you
Mary Kastner: 75
Mary Kastner: Do you think you can take one midday.
Calvin: I do you think it makes much of a difference if I were to take the whole eight to 25 in the morning, as opposed to spacing it out or
Mary Kastner: No, it wouldn't make it wouldn't make any difference. Yeah, that's a good idea.
Calvin: Because I prefer. Yeah, just like the one once in the morning thing just
Calvin: Like trying to take
Calvin: Sure.
Calvin: But probably still give me the 75 anyways. They'll just take three
Mary Kastner: Yeah, that's right.
Mary Kastner: And you did you need any more Abilify
Calvin: Yeah, I mean, in about a week or so.
Mary Kastner: I'm going to put the lab version. Okay. And so then I will see you in on March on May 4 you're welcome to come to the group next week, just without me.
Mary Kastner: It would be your mental health group.
Mary Kastner: OK.
Calvin: OK.
Calvin: OK, and then you got the testosterone test in there. Also, right.
Mary Kastner: Yep, I will put that in.
I appreciate
Mary Kastner: Okay, you take care
Calvin: All right. You too. Thank you.
Calvin: Bye Bye bye.